NFC: New library built by build system based on the CMake. (#617)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nfc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

master
******

> 
> Added
> =====
> * Added dedicated header file ``nrf_nfc_errno.h`` with error codes.
> * Added source file which translates NRFX error codes to NFC library error codes.
> * Added specification for returned error codes in an API documentation.
> * Removed unit tests dependencies from header files ``nfc_t2t_lib.h`` and ``nrf_t4t_lib.h``.
> 
> Modified
> ========
> 
> * Specific errors codes from ``nrf_nfc_errno.h`` are returned by library instead of Zephyr error codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Added
=====

* A dedicated header file :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` with error codes.
* A source file that translates nrfx error codes to NFC library error codes.
* Definitions for returned error codes in the API documentation.

Modified
========

* The library returns specific errors codes from the :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` file instead of Zephyr error codes.
* Removed unit tests dependencies from the header files :file:`nfc_t2t_lib.h` and :file:`nrf_t4t_lib.h`.

```

Author: Thanks. Done

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

master
******

Added
=====

* A dedicated header file :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` with error codes.
* A source file that translates nrfx error codes to NFC library error codes.
* Definitions for returned error codes in the API documentation.

Modified
========

* The library returns specific errors codes from the :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` file instead of Zephyr error codes.

> * Removed unit tests dependencies from the header files :file:`nfc_t2t_lib.h` and :file:`nrf_t4t_lib.h`.

Author: Ok. I added it

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

master
******

Added
=====

* A dedicated header file :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` with error codes.
* A source file that translates nrfx error codes to NFC library error codes.
* Definitions for returned error codes in the API documentation.

Modified
========

* The library returns specific errors codes from the :file:`nrf_nfc_errno.h` file instead of Zephyr error codes.
* Removed unit tests dependencies from the header files :file:`nfc_t2t_lib.h` and :file:`nrf_t4t_lib.h`.

Bug fixes
=========

>  * Fixes handling R(NAC) frame after sending R(ACK) frame.

Author: Fixed
